good evening bonsoir kook well ladies
and gentlemen my name is Sabine Yvonne
Kafka I'm here on behalf of attitude
Stockholm to welcome you to a lovely and
glamorous evening here at blue Holland
at the Stockholm City Hall as many of
you know attitude Stockholm is about
lifestyle trend and fashion and this
year they've decided to highlight and
put focus on French fashion the city
capital of fashion Paris and it is of
course a pleasure to highlight the
sophistication and beauty of French
fashion but also to highlight its crown
jewel at co2 tonight you will be
experiencing three glamorous and
mesmerizing fashion shows by three very
talented and prominent fashion designers
two of our most prominent Swedish
designers lavaloon and Aida her steps
and also a guest of honor
Oscar co.design and Julian phony and it
is a great pleasure and honor that
Julian is here tonight to showcase his
beautiful and very emotional fashion
show
so enjoy your meal and I will shortly be
back to interview interview to introduce
the first fashion show of the evening
thank you
I hope you're all enjoying your meal I
would just like to say we will start the
evening with a fashion show by the
talented Swedish designer in her stead
who makes ready-to-wear fashion and also
couture fashion but this is her first
fully fledged couture show showing a
selection of pieces from a previous
collections
Edythe show is inspired by the world of
fairy tale so ladies and gentlemen let
the show begin
ladies and gentlemen I hope you're
enjoying yourself
enjoying the food enjoying the show so
far it's now time for this evenings
second Fashion Show and this time it's
the praised acclaimed and our very
talented couture designer Losh valine
who has made an innovator who has made
an innovative collection of dresses
especially for tonight so this is you're
the first people to see this tonight and
of course it's with a signature of
L'Arche valine it's elegant
femininity beautiful design but also
with a little bit more edge and attitude
than before enjoy ladies and gentlemen I
hope you're still enjoying the evening
it's now time for the last fashion show
and the evenings grand finale with odd
couture designer Julian Fournier now
Julian has worked with respected fashion
names such as Christian Dior John
Galliano ji wushi Alexander McQueen and
Jean Paul Gautier before he founded his
own fashion house in 2009 and last year
he was honored by the chambre Syndicale
de la haute couture
the governing body of French fashion
industry that granted Julian
the member status which allows the
Julian Fournier label to bear the Otsuka
to label and that ladies and gentlemen
is a very distinguished honor that few
designers have yet received now before
Julian kicks off with his magnificent
Fashion Show I would like to bring on
stage a woman that is praised and
respected as a trend analyst writer and
fashion journalist she also has an
extensive knowledge about fashion trends
Couture and France please welcome up on
stage to give us an insight about the
importance and heritage of Atsuko to the
lovely kai bond
I just thought if you could give the
audience just a brief insight about the
importance of what got you oh well it is
very important my table tonight I've
been talking about digital techniques 3d
techniques etc but I still believe and
not only me because it's a culture and I
think that it's more important than ever
because people tend to and even I'm talk
for the designers because the new
generation of designers are very keen on
about handcraft and knowing what how to
work with material new material and and
also please and make those dreams come
true that the consumer is waiting for
and just briefly I know we have I mean
the whole fashion industry here but how
would you define the difference between
couture and odd couture
oh well what Couture is only designers
chosen by l'a Federation Lord could you
and which is also taking care of
designers from Fatah party the
ready-to-wear part but it's a big
difference and you have to it has to be
made by
and and everything every part from
choosing the material or the way you
tell you manufacture the material to the
way you cut the way you decorate
embroider and and so I mean it's it's
that is the dream of ever what could you
and what do you think defines Julian
Fournier what makes him such a great and
talented I think he's very exciting
because first of all he's an a
passionate person you have to be I guess
he's young he has a young audience funny
enough he surprised me by telling me
that his clients are between 16 and 25
years old so I haven't seen anyone
between 625 in the streets here in
Stockholm dressed in Julian funny but
anyway they are somewhere and he's also
very futuristic he he thinks in terms of
in a different way as well so he's of
course touching the new technology as
well
very exciting thank you so much for that
insight and a round of applause for Kai
bond please
so with his love and adoration for the
female body
his sense of perfection and artistry our
honored guests and old code to your
designer Julian Fournier will give you
the grand finale with his show named
first retrospective as it gives a
retrospective look of his career as a
auto couture designer so far and with
this magnificent fashion show
he will portray an enchanting and
beautiful tale illustrating and honoring
the woman her vulnerability her strength
and her femininity ladies and gentlemen
prepare to be mesmerised I give you mr.
Julian Fournier